Go ahead play around with
the photo gallery this time and
I want you to go ahead and
just maybe play around and say like,
fetch only the albums
that have that are even.
If they pass that inside
of the query params and
then have that filter
that list accordingly.
So again, just have a play with it for
the next five minutes.
I know it's a little bit short on time,
but I do wanna make sure we get to
some of the other critical topics that
I want you all to learn about,
so we'll see you all then.
So, first thing first, let's go ahead and
open up our photos page and
let's actually make sure
it just loads up correctly.
Fresh photos, okay,
it is loading correctly, great.
So we wanna do, as I said, the exercise
was to basically filter on a param where
basically if even is true, for example,
then we'll only return the filtered photo
gallery that only contains
albums that are even.
So what we're gonna do here is we're
gonna start by actually creating that
computer property.
I think that's always the most
straightforward way of the doing this.
So, I say filtered Photo Gallery,
is a computed property that's
gonna watch our photo gallery.
But, we gonna do photoGallery.filter,
and we gonna filter by let's see photo.
And so, we gonna say photo.albumId.
And if the modulo 2,
check it if it's equal to 0.
This will make sure it's equal.
And then what we wanna do then is we only
wanna do this however if the route that,
oops, that automatically imported
something that it wasn't supposed to,
route.query.even, yes,
that should do the trick.
Just like that.
And then if even it's true, great,
otherwise we're just gonna
return the entire photoGallery.
We're not gonna filter any of it at all.
So that's actually it,
I need to also do .value here
before that blows up in my face and
then the other thing we need to do is
we actually need to bring in our route.
So use route will be brought in here,
just like that, boom boom boom and
then now we can replace our filtered
Photo Gallery just like that.
And if we save that and then go back we
should see, okay, everything's loading
just fine and actually we should do
to actually see if it's gonna work.
Cuz right now it's just
a bunch of placeholder images,
we actually can't tell.
Let's just log real quick
inside of the header.
We're gonna have a p element,
we're gonna say,
filtered Photo gallery.length,
and then photos, just like that.
So, as we can see here,
great, we have 5000 photos.
Now, if we go ahead and come in here and
we say even = true, and
hit Enter, not save.
And we hit Enter, there we go.
You'll see now,
it loaded straight 2,500 photos,
which makes sense cuz they
evenly distributed it.
So yeah, question?
>> Yeah, it's not a practice question,
in terms of set up just like
setting the query params manually,
is it common practice to just use that
two attribute of like next link or
are there other practices for when you
wanna set query params from inside the UI?
>> Yeah, so the question here is around
how typically query params are set.
And so, basically, I would say for
the most part, I would expect that the two
pass so, let me go back to navbar,
that's the easiest way to show this.
So let me actually update this
nav item to say Completed Todos.
So this here is probably
the simplest way to do it,
I think it's what the user expects.
And so, in case you're
programmatically putting it together,
this is where you would do
like a computed property.
And I would basically generate the string
to be like if all these conditions occur,
generate the params or like the query,
and then just append it on to the Todo.
So basically just as to
scaffold that real quick.
Basically, we would be
saying const completed,
or let's call this todoQuery.
And it would be like a bunch of
things where basically we could be,
completed = true.
But of course, this might be
contingent on the fact that we
have a completedCheck = ref,
check whether this is a Boolean or not.
And then from here, you could then say,
this is a computer property that
returns the string and will optionally
then fill in this completed check for
example, just like that.
And so once you have this todoQuery,
now that's like composed of this lot and
normally will be a longer string right
because we know that when you're
filtering a form that
can be a lot going on.
So then this todoQuery now has
contained everything, it's reactive and
because of that, you cannot pass it
here basically, as like either way, but
I usually like to do it es 6 ways.
So basically, I would probably just,
in this particular case,
I might actually just
+ todoQuery like that.
It's probably what I would do.
So we don't need the es 6.
And that way, you basically get your
dynamically generated query params,
based on whatever reactive things
you've tracked throughout your form.